[Music]
while colcannon seems to be associated
with st. Patrick's Day I love the
combination of potatoes cabbage onion
and bacon all through the cooler months
of fall and winter says Diane F the
Allrecipes member who submitted this
recipe adding I attend an annual st.
Patty's Day party and this is the dish
I'm always asked to bring and I'm happy
to say that the bowl comes home empty
every time to begin
Diane's colcannon place two and a half
pounds of peeled cubed potatoes in a
saucepan and pour enough water to
completely cover them bring the water up
to a boil then lower the heat and cook
the potatoes until they're tender about
15 to 20 minutes while the potatoes are
cooking let's cook the bacon place four
slices of bacon in a large deep skillet
cook the bacon over medium-high heat
until evenly Brown about five minutes
per side
[Music]
remove the bacon from the skillet and
drain it on paper towels
[Music]
reserved the drippings when it's cool
enough to handle crumble the bacon and
set it aside
now we'll add half a head of small
cabbage that you've chopped to the
skillet over medium heat
[Music]
along with one large chopped onion cook
the vegetables until they're soft and
translucent if you're in a hurry cover
the skillet with a lid to help the
vegetables cook more quickly the
potatoes should be tender now so we'll
drain them and return to the saucepan
[Music]
then add half a cup of milk to the
potatoes and salt and pepper to taste
mash the potatoes until they're mashed
to your desired consistency
[Music]
add the crumbled bacon
along with the cabbage and onions
[Music]
fold everything together
transfer the colcannon to a large
serving bowl make a well in the center
[Music]
and pour in 1/4 cup of melted butter
serve it immediately Allrecipes member
TJ says he is always trying to enhance
mashed potatoes and comments
this one is terrific I make a double
batch and save the leftovers for use on
shepherd's pie Aaron go bra